Add View AST Command to text editor where appropriate (#712)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

- Avoid error dialogs when QL test discovery or database cleanup encounters a missing directory. [#706](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/706)
- Add descriptive text and a link in the results view. [#711](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/711)
- Fix the _Set Label_ command in the query history view. [#710](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/710)

> - Add the _CodeQL: View AST_ directly to text editors of files in database archives. [#712](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/712)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the _CodeQL: View AST_ command to the right-click context menu when a source file in a database source archive is open in the editor. [#712](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/712)
```

Author: Yes.
